Update release processes (#4105)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/extended-support-release.rst

To receive updates about Extended Support Releases, sign up for our mailing list `here <http://eepurl.com/dCKn2P>`__.

.. image:: ../images/ESR20212.png

> What is included in an Extended Support Release dot release? 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What's included in an Extended Support Release dot release? 
```
